Andy Phelps is coming to visit?!

He's wearing a AT(double helix)GC T-shirt, and brought his daughter to class?

Computer Science mainly having structural issues akin to things like race.
We should basking ourselves deeper questions applying reflexivity
Focusing on the tactics Molly spoke of, to the broader subjects of Gabriella's work, "Hacker, Hoaxer, Whistleblower, Spy; The many faces of anonymous" - Gabriella Coleman, made from a leftist press, but general audience book as opposed to a software freedom work targeted to a specific audience.
Defining oneself behind indefinability - how one calls oneself anonymous is in of itself a linguistic trap; 
V: Who is just a derivative of what, and what I am is a man in a mask
Eevee: Well I can see that
V: But of course you can, I'm not commenting on your powers of your powers of observation; just merely demonstrating the paradox of asking a masked man "who" he is.

Whiteness vs. Blackness (also Sexism) and the Pros and Cons of each
    Societal heirarchy of how we allow people to act to their own ends
    Bill Cosby - the man separate from the myth (#1 viewed show vs crimes)
    What if JFK were a woman? would his sexual acts be just as forgone?
    What can you do without being shot in the head? Go to school?

One may be a dictator but he's our dictator
Letting someong have power so long as they do as we tell them to - Sounds to me like the british empire 2.0 (middle east is new india)

How corporatism functions (making money as a consultant)
    Consultants make more money than others could for same work
    He himself won't do it for lack of disclosure - has an NDA for children's school; he feels no pressure to have to go for the extra money
 
The Dads of Technology
    Forefathers of any subject? (The Dads of ...)
    What does it mean for people to be the previous owners of a concept
    Keira Knightley topless unaltered image to speak against photoshopping of images - a kind of open-sourcing the reality
    Lane: with tech, and supposedly software tech, what matters more that its happening right now
        Deeper analytical work can be done by the companies that show the problem currently
        One's identity can block things up - psuedoanonymity wins at the end of the day
        things get more complex as there is more to say from one gender
    Falling behind a rhetoric of "free" or "neutral" can in teh future hamper us from the kinds of responses that blantant inequities are still here. Not simply society that is not neutral.
    Women were the "computers" before computers were literally calculating
    Panels about feminism not even having women there to talk about it
        just having women to say that you have women can be bad
        limiting expertise through lack of knowledge; not knowing
        if people are of a certain background that didn't teach them the problem about their group, and they get chosen to lead their discussion
    James Watson is a class A asshole? Who is that?
    (maybe Andy Phelps): Clay is a kind of academic that is presevered right now, removed from but reflecting on society kinda like journalism, and he is causing a disrupt due to using his academic title and practice that he wouldn't have earned as an academic. Academics are not quite following what he's saying either due to inability to agree with what he's saying. Controvesial, in the moment, not widely agreed about, but there's baggage that goes along with it, that he is often tone-deaf to. Playing into the NYU ITP thing that does a certain kind of practice, opposing the media structure that gets demonstrated. (Gabriella Coleman accosted by the FBI)
    How we experience the cultures built into and around the Dads' model
    Inside higher ed digra - "#Gamergate and games research"
        article from today
        DIGRA is under attack by critics who say academe is colluding with the mainstream media to push a feminist agenda in video games.
        Academics taking charge of gaming as they educationalize them all
    "-gate"s have been the problems even before "watergate"
        skandals
        problems
        theorizing conspiracy theory; lack of access in power structures
        "Watching the watchmen" becomes part of the guard
    It's public record who footnotes who and bases research off of whom. When acedemics develop the definitions of research and science aren't understood outside of the structure of academia; people doubt it all and point fingers towards conspiracies as the eventual failures through illegitimacy
    How did people ever think that video games weren't politicized?
        I grew up playing missle command during the height of the cold war
        simple pixellated representation of impossible war defense
        Theory behind space invaders - based off a japanese game were you play as a single japanese soldier fighting off waves of american soldiers that never end; you can never win and truly stop the american oppression
        What gets to be legitimized as real in a world you're simulating?
    Don't tell me what being a gamer is! I was one before you were born!
        I grew up in arcades, being a pro was knowing the treshold to which you could tilt the pinball machine in without throwing off the mechanism
        The endless pixellated games I played were politicized too
        -Andy Phelps
    What about Blizzard's ceo speech about gamers as a developed family?
        Andy: I definitely admire him for what he meant to say
            As a ceo, he couldn't directly say what he wanted to say on the issue, and I know how much those impediments affected his workflow and ability to show it.
        Amit: The higher you go up, the less candid you can be
            As we read the rhetoric of people in power it becomes less what they can say, but rather what the media allows them to say
            only being communiative off the record in psuedoanonymity
    Lacking the privelige of economic backing demonstrates the other side of what can't be said at all by those who aren't backed by financial power
Late 2003 Andy ran the proposal for the first Game Design major here at RIT
    what are you gonna do? how can you study them academically?
    eventually voted, most people in favor of it, including the president
    young assistant professor about to be a dad was really excited
        some professor stood up on the other side of the room stood up
        he said: "today we ruined reputation and learnability at RIT"
        it hurt andy a whole lot to hear at the time
        now, 15 years since he started on this, Gamergate brings regret
        Are these people really the ones who are spearheading this talk?
