I'm assuming most of you know something about anonymous as a political group?

Hacker, Hoaxer, Whistleblower, Spy - Tinker, Tailor, Soldier, Spy
    Akin to the levels of confidentiality and moles in levels of CIA/MI6s
    the anonymity without and within; layers of trust, distrust, and hacks

LulzSec
    anarcho-libertarian aspects of shenaniganry
    they targeted anything and everything to disseminate corporations
    "In it for the Lulz"
    just testing what they were capable of
    seeing how far they could go - barefoot bandit style

Why the world needs anonymous (article)
    Free speech is the ultimate tool to express ones self and viewpoints
    Anonymity is necessary for the freedom within the free speech
    Criticizing the king through satire and allegory
    Can't criticize the king through name; you could get killed
    Going against the hand that feeds you stops your everything

Jamie Daimon
    CEO of JP Morgan Chase
    Power Player
    Libor - London interest rate set by international bankers betwixt banks
        $350,000,000,000,000 in derivatives (world economy * 100ish)
        rigged by a cartel of banks
        investigated by different nations and their regulacies
        several banks paid 4.2 billion dollars in fine/bribes
    Jamie Daimon & Eric Holder - did nothing but allowed for Banks to settle with government by paying fines and denying any wrong doing
        individuals owed egregious and reprehensible sums of fines
        allowed to escape punishment and accredation for crimes
        bribed their way out of inordinate sums of amounts
    settlements decided outside of court without/before due of laws

$15,000,000,000,000 exchanged every day
Libor allows for major currency exchanges through world powers
By manipulating and gaming the system, they accumulated tons of money
USA got $10,000,000,000 approximately, ripping off (weaker) countries

Given this scenario as economic principle and highest tier of power plays
    At what capacity do we regulate anonymity?
    How powerful are whistleblowers?
    Is someone's career a potential switch that just gets flipped?
    Are they pawns, knights, elephants, rooks, queens, kings?
    Do medival heirarchies even apply to such crazy modern schemes?

The Idea behind whistleblowing being to make everyone go into investigative mode
    there are laws against whistleblowing 
    companies are supposed to have records
    we are supposed to be inquisitive about what people are doing
    the information itself should be worth something; it blows open stories
    In the US you only climb up the influential ladder by following rules
    Europeans are all much more openly critical of one another's opinions
    US politicians can always remain silent and stop giving answers

Congress has a terribly low approval rating
    house of representatives keeps getting reelected
    bigamists have higher approval than congress
    Time Warner Cable & Comcast are lower; because they deny entertainment

We have to vote and have our say about what's actually going on.
I'll create a network of friends from high-school that went into more political fields than I did to see what is actually going on. Gabe, Gideon, Sam, Kate, Harry

If more money means a stronger message and more free speech, how does it affect your levels of humanity?
    Corruption?
    Yachts?
    Caviar?
    Media?

Princeton Oligarchy
    looking at changes in system since 1982
    "rich well-connected individuals on the political scene now steer the irection of the country, regardless of or even against the will of the majority of voters"
    How's the rebuilding of Iraq going? New levels of Opium harvests?
        Opium is only used for straight-up heroin
        Opiates in drugs like Oxcycodon are synthesized

"13 years... how long was WWII? 6 years? WWI? 5 years? Vietnam?"
    -Professor

He keeps alluding to these groups and these players to get us to look at the goings-on behind the curtain. The class system and trickle-down of the super rich does... something. We as people are all somewhere. What role is it possible for us all to play in the grand scheme of things? Stagnations of wealth and explosions of informational news stories falling only on the deaf ears of the entertainment-hungry laziness of all ignorance. What do we do? What does anyone do? Tactics of distraction; slight of hand; control.
