Projects, projects, projects
    Remy the FLOSSipher vs. Net Neutrality
        Game where you play as a laywer named Remy the FLOSSipher
        Battle Comcast in the supreme court for net neutrality
        Browser game? in the future they hope it to be
        Doesn't talk in legalese, but does touch on the subject of it
    Lane
        Exploratory series of Essays
        idealizations of authorship between the start of authors & today
        There are few different essays - some read in this class
        what it means to be a literary critic vs a code programmer
    Dan&Coleman
        Game analytics on League of Legends heat maps
        make it open-sourceable for anyone to use
        visualization options - to what degree will software user control
        Combining with remy the flossipher? show where people clicked
    Mina Doas
        Infographic comparing proprietary open source & freeend open source
        raise the question/illustrate the difficulty of remaining free/open
        contrasting the FOSS movement vs society that we have created
    Do we have to present projects?
        People proposed projects, others have an assignment; summarizing the course and closing in on the ark, wherever it was going
        He moved away from the previous iterations of this course
        showing contrasting idealizations of the course amidst itself


Levels of secrecy when we only see part of the picture
Binary of open and closed and the relationship with freedom
Notions of a black-box society
"We can neither confirm nor deny" - there's just nothing to be said
One could talk about anyone that we've talked about in class
One could write about anything that we've read about in class
One could analyze anything we've watched in class
Transparency vs. Obscurity
    no longer such a thing as a spectrum from one to the other
    There's a forced dichotomy in place about the world for when things do or don't get thrust into the light; knowing about information

NYT - The dark market for personal data
The bottom line patagonia, the north face and the myth of green consumerism
    "We ask our costumoers to think twice before you buy a jacket from us. Do you need it, or are you just bored?
    Rather than "buyer beware" they say "buyer be aware"
    Since corporations run governments
        if you want to change governments, change corporations
        if you want to change corporations, change consumers
        Grassroots shopping campaign to change consumers
Us not caring about the sides of proper freedoms leads to exploitation

Look up shale oil activity and maps; Fracking WAT?! Seismic activity?!

When we talked about net neutrality- the point of it was not to think of it as a product; that it's over and can be compromised or changed by a single decision- the point rather was to learn to lesson of democracy itself, so that freedoms aren't handed out like candy on halloween, but rather earned through the effort and work of the people who would benefit from it all.

"It happens every year; why are people still being surprised about this?"
    -Jake

"When the bars close at 4; they close the doors and make it a private party; when the irish ran things; when cops come off of their shift; self-medicating through alcohol and other drugs to deal with one's problems"
    -Professor
