We've been experiencing it for years wether we know it or not.

Spike Lee's "Do the right thing"
Chokehold was banned in NYC in the mid 90s 
what happens when it becomes transparent?

Francis Ford Coppola - film about american influence in vietnam
    based loosely off of joeseph conrad's 1901 novel about imperialism
    starring maron brando?
    what it means to dominate another society
    at what point do we lose our humanity

The Simpson's - hidden messages in "cinematography"
    Elusive little commentary
    shot-for-shot representations of famous movies
    treasure of the sierra madre

The amount of time and space it takes to not just transmit media, but to generate it becomes more and more compressed, leading to the point when commentary can be made as art and entertainment simultaneously as a mainstream core principle in society after society; the real and satirical bounce off one another to entertain. Daily Show, SNL, Southpark
    Willingness to portray reality as entertainment
    Reality can be portrayed as horror elsewhere
    Liberalness can be achieved in some ways while being ignored in others
    Our faith/belief in different institutions tests understanding
    In a moment of profound openness, we become trapped in its rhetoric and blind to the true information behind the curtain
    The fool can mock the king without being beheaded

If we're not mobilized after Snowden and Garner, what will motivate us?
Opposite of "Free" doesn't exist
    Creations of several different opposites, each alluding to different meanings and relations back upon the original concept
    Recreations of rhetoric and norm to become, all of us, human

When our structure and forces that we believe in fail and deserve to be questioned, only then do we enforce the enforcement through revolution
    140 years later, is the civil war actually over?
    Through change, we can eventually all become human
    Should this continue to be persued as our Event Horizon?
    People with the genetic material and the animal life represented as being human, being accepted
        degrees of being human; what is acceptable to be killed outright?
        we're doing it at different times in different places, in new ways
        the external neo-colonialism is that human rights violations occur over there, and are allowed to happen, so long as they exemplify our reason
        He may be a dictator, but he's our dictator
        so long as there is terror, such must there be forces to oppose it
    This isn't just occuring through the United States of America

1975 is when USA leaves vietnam after entering in 1964
    apocolypse now made 3 years later
        marlon brando horror monologue
        3 hours and 20 mins with extended french colonialism
    coppola goes to conrad's "Heart of Darkness" for inspiration
    Joeseph Conrad is Polish - writes in english; truly cosmopolitan
        worldy traveler writing to reflect the oppositions amongst us all
        showing what happens and what doesn't as the world self-reflects
    "HoD" - commentary on England's Empire through soldier in deep Africa
    Trying to express and experience the things we can't see
        does their invisibility always represent their power
        does their expressing allow us understanding of their intent?

Issues about transparency and flows of information 
    Sometimes there can bee too much transparency
    Who are we fighting?
    What does it mean to be unable to see what is demonstrated before us
    things not fitting amongst the letter and the aims within the law
    another reason to think about the failure of our categories
        are they worth categorizing
        are the worth anything
        what aspects of evidence and reliability
        with just enough views off of a camera; what does it mean that clarity can overcome judgement? at what price apathy
        Different kinds of protest
            assigning petitions and signatures
            blocking up the streets
            refusal to pay to financial issues
            granting us more or less freedom
        what adheres to being a citizen within a nation state?
        How do we become part of a civil society?
            Neighborhood
            City
            District
            State
            Region
            Country
            Continent
            Hemisphere
            Planet
            Beings
    Surveillance - who watches the watchmen?
        multiple perspectives
        whole views can exist
        many medium and media can be related to the truth
        Steve Mann - wearable computing
        Instead of Surveillance - we are the surveyors who must be watching
        Michael Brown, Eric Garner, Tamir Rice
    How many of you actually saw pictures and videos of the people dying?
        sometimes it's like shooting fish in a barrel
        which are the images that get circulated around more often?
        Signing Non-Disclosure Agreements on the news we intake
        John Brown's Body: Reggae Band telling the story of internal racism

Toppling of Saddam's Staute photo-op and filming
King George III statue taken down and melted into bullets

The Dark Market of Personal Data
    Data accumluated on people to be labeled as "undesirables"
    Medical Records, Food taken in, Criminal Data, etc.
    People being typecasted without proper representation or accuracy
    WXXI - The "Narrowcasting" Future clip
        "It doesn't matter what you want to tell the public; it matters what they actually want to hear"
        Why try to feed political opinions when people'd rather watch tv
        "War on Terror" Vs. "War in Iraq"
        "Climate Change" Vs. "Global Warming"
        Cracking the language to use for different implicit interpretation
    We, the consumers have the power to lead progress in certain ways
        We are the most studied
        statistics upon our groups is the most observed
        we think we're having the thoughts on our own that match theirs
        they know how to present what needs to be demonstrated
        this is the engine for driving huge sectors of the global economy

Deviant States and Secreted Objects
Amit Ray
RIT
    NSA. Anonymous. Techno-electro-chemical.
    Free culture is a very specific cultural formation.
    This decade is a media cross-section - what happened started long ago
    Leaders that started within the realm of entertainment
    Earning respect through laughter to gain approval
    Approaching the point you can demonstrate the power you've accumulated
    "Entertain" might be the wrong word, perhaps "Debauch" or "Seduce"
