Presentation day

Reflection Essay?
    Not the same as an Evaluation
    More personal communication
    Person to person about what is good/bad about the course
    This and final paper/project is due thursday finals week
    What insights have you gleaned from this course?
    What did you enjoy, not enjoy? What would you like to see more of?
    What should be different?
    What would you change?

Remy the Flossipher
    Flossipher argues with Comcast Clippy about net neutrality
    Weights of data and right to access it
    Video versus text, people versus servers
    Click on the proper arguments to continue

Marshal St. pub
    Right next to bugjar
    Right next to Roco  - take parents here on graduation weekend
    Grubby pub food that is cheap
    Thursday 7pmish

Devise a theme of the week

Applied free culture course in Scandinavia
    not talking about pirate bay, hahaha
    different political and technical organizations
    give people the opportunity to get in and meet many designers
    we have a partnership with Malmo 
    the city is the classroom
    governments of countries connected the two cities
        industrial to post-industrial connections
        parallelisms between the two cities
        sustainability and free culture extraordinaire
        multicutural people in the city, many refugees
    6 credits in 6 weeks for the price of three
        Early June to mid-July
        a little over two weeks after graduation
    Maybe I could do it - money? Logistics? Racism?

Black Mirror
    Show on netflix
    Cultural Representation represented there reminded AJ about this class
    An aggregate like what we're dealing with now
        Walmart dictates functions of huge swathes of the economy
        Walmart makes almost nothing; just provides a service of selling
    Collective subjugation of profit done better by for-profit organization

Propublica
    Crowd-sourced NPR that gets money from Grants, Donations, ETC.
    $1 spent on politics = $760 received by more political corporations
        Total money received equals $4.4 trillion
        $4,400,000,000,000 is 2/3 of $6,500,000,000,000 from taxpayers
        $1s being earned from lobbyists campaigning on behalf of politician
    Corporate entities spend billions, and get trillions
    Dark money traded anonymously in secrecy
    "Bottom line? Whether one figures by acquisition rate, by holding size, or by contributors, the classified universe is, as best I can estimate, on the order of five to ten times larger than the open literature that finds its way to our libraries. Our ... inverted"
    Corporations can give linearly and recieve exponentially
    money = power = expansion = takeover = levels and layers of $$$MONEY$$$
    automation and optimization by predicted behavior off of all of us
    Lists of gamblers, patients & desparate get sent to would-be profiteers

