Ebola securities fail within 72 hours - infrastructure problems

"I was educated on what truly happens when you get ebola - you don't die; you become a zombie" - AJ mandula

So it's like a movie: september 11th was shown to us in detailed slow motion so that we could capture every last moment of the horror; not so that we can stop it. 

Growing humainty has gotten us to where we are - but should we be less human now?
    should we learn from other animal species
    tires need friction to start, but are slowed down by the friction when it becomes necessary to travel so fast 
        what about drifting?
        drifting uses a controlled loss of edging with the car - accelerating through turns in dangerous ways
        we do that for the same reason that we jump off of buildings with parachutes
        Why we put on red bull skysuits and crash into mountains
##################### data points, not the function
    What do we do with our technology?
        how does it inhabit us
        how do we inhabit it

Our systems require serious reconfiguration and reworking
    we've invested in a notion of free as open, free as accessible, or free as information
    things lose their ability to configure and be flexible as things get more brought to a head and more specific towards a certain end
        it happens with any and every medium
        authors being labeled as the source of the works they write

Microsoft > Linux > Apple > Haiku? Solaris?
Nations being held underneath the blanket of certain OSs.

Code - Programming, Hammurabi's code, The ten Commandments code, life instructions code, how to do things code, a man's got to have a code
    word use as beginnings of language
    language itself as symbolism of thought behind things

Where are all the Snowdens? the Assanges? people hiding so many secrets, but who even knows what's worth keeping secret anymore? too many layers

Focault - Doesn't declare things because that would be an act of epistemological violence
    If I can understand the world; I can understand my own happiness
    describing different phenomena to take you through different eras
    the style is descriptivist without perscribing anything
    declaring a statement, calling yourself the author, adding labels on objects really puts limits on things in ways he never wants to deal with

Samuel Beckett - Waiting for Gudeau
    "Ever tried, ever failed; no matter. Try again, fail again; fail better"

Labile - easily broken down or displaced (chemistry)
    flexible materials
    breaking down of creativity

Remdiation
    cameras with built-in filters - the nature of media to make it all the same
    media keeps stringing along the previous models and generations
    only to renature the representation of the input that we consume
    RomHacking - redoing the nature of old video games
        making new things out of the old
        appropriating the old art as inspiration
        coming across to new hights
        standing on the shoulders of giants

Inspired by his talking about the countless micro-organisms that make up each person, which make up the intelligent life on earth, which makes up the planet, and solar systems, and what not; characters make up words, which make code, which make functions, which define objects, which are parts of software, which are programs used which resource computers, and what not.
Everything big is just a big version of something that's small! I UNDERSTAND EVERYTHING!!!!!!!!
    -Finn the human

The Incunobulum
    a moment when the new medium and mode of manufacture is taken hold
    latin no longer becomes the dominant language that is used
    actual spoken language replaces the economisiastic language of the public and the priests
    the activation of printing changes such norms in humanity

Cell phone towers providing service to places that don't even have power
Deep indian villages use cars to charge and repower all their devices
Indo-china supporting the modernization of the last 30 years

Hugo had the best use of 3d modeling - the depth only appeared with plot

How to pirate a copyrighted book - medium piece showing what is(n't) legal

