Reading is always changing - the papers that we (students) are given by him (the professor) will always be out of our reach entirely as we can never relive the sorrows of yesterday. We can "Hyper-read" it, but much will not be recovered in at all the same way.

We play to value our pleasure almost mindlessly - or do we use it to grow?

The level of atonality behind ultra-capitalisms is startling
    using mathematical measurements of profit to justify the actions
    what were we before homo-sapiens?
    are still human, were we human? is it a cycle, line, helix?
    Can slime mold predict network traffic just as our systems can?
    Tree roots that do differential calculus to find most efficient roots

Is it our only out to play and build?
Is it our freedom to play and build?
How else can we develop a sense of agency?
When we read the fog of freedom, we have to ask what the differentiation between positive and negative freedoms - of the most porous concepts within a language
    simple words are violently contested and always in "play"
    normative solutions to get everyone on the same page eventually fail
        you can become your own jailer
        free from the cage that we have enveloped ourselves inside of?

File sharing - a kind of theft???
    a can of soda, can be traded, dropped, or stolen
    copy is not a word that existed in the analog, only in the digital
    Libertarian sort of ethos - uber and airbnb

Data Mining!!!!!!!
    King sent an email about a japanese project - scanlation phenomena
    How to read one million manga pages (along with the software to do so)

Bloomberg (former nyc mayor)
    financial news empire
    billionare
    the financial press (economist, wll street journal)
        papers for those with money to have news
        these bear the interest of financial data
        the patterns of colusion, secrecy, and insider trading represented
        it has never really stopped, but instead has gained power in secret
    a kind of citizenship - if you gain knowledge in those two capabilities
    Florida - having to pay for court records (who needs and can afford???)
        not ideological here
        "I'm blaming both houses this plague has fallen among"

Early moments of the countries military invasions - we call them conflicts, not wars.
Relation between citizen, state, and industry, very different 50 yrs ago

"Knowing the answers to all the question might not be the most enburdening thing in the world, but for me it is pleasurable to enquire and question."

Claymation Video
    Being reborn amongst the thoughts, inventions, and recreations of today
    who is the almighty? one that we create? one that was once among us?
    how can we be represented if the cycle keeps repeating itself?
    Is Rock 'n' Roll the only thing staying constant or does it change too?
    
Cosmos thing again - logarithmic representation of our "accomplishments"
    we are just part of a long continuum; our existence is not guaranteed
    what does it mean to think through our own individuality and experience
    maybe there will be people we meet, maybe we won't - 5th dimensional probability matrix of points only made constant when we observe them
    where do I burrow as I hop along, surfing, surfing, surfing...

Footnotes are series of references of past academics that have traveled a similar road.
    every number has factors that it itself is a multiple of. Wether it is the something new and close to an original truth (prime number) or has a gajillion factors and has been spoken of countless times - (144 or the like)
    Paths are made through the wilderness, but to what end?
    is there enough space in between the paths created before any new path becomes meaningless and we create a barren flatland between it all?

Kelty - Fog of Freedom
    hitting us deep, major thinker
    You're trying to understand different technologies throughout the global informational sphere
    how can he fill in the gaps that have come between the fallacies we pretend to understand?
    Intranet- mobile net that you can take with you and compartmentalize
    new GPL came out just two years ago
    Notion of neutrality which isn't incidental; freedom vs. neutrality
    Silicon venture capital in the valley - creating a priveliged mythology
        Maybe as things progress
            8chan? 
            infinity chan? 
            a movement away from warfare and outward expansion
            is it our place to break from the norm
        this has become the space we imagine as our own techno-future
        heavily skewed by gender, class, race, opportunity, world-placing
    Specifying the freedom to and/or from; we always have to be attuned to
    John Rahls - huge figure in philosophy
    commonalities we can compare and contrast from 500 years ago -YES
    Citizenship as product - you don't just buy it once and own it
        voting regularly for what/who we want
        participating in the community at large; we are capable of doing
    There is a choice, but only because we took some agency in the process
    somewhere along the way things should filter into your conciousness
    Where is the citizen subject when technologies penetrate us as much as we penetrate them?
    Old-school robots - automatons that follow one command.
        reverse awakenings of the subjects we once struggled to achieve
        now we are broken down into the shells of people that barely think
    Alphabets of the world and how things are written/understood over time
    The problems that organizations think exist and how they attempt to solve these problems
        What more problems are caused?
        Where does it lead to?
        Freedoms of subsequent generations?
        solutions we don't need to problems we dont have

HomeOwner == HomoNerd
