About #gamergate essay - Andy Phelps:
    The problem lies with the people, culture, and society, and not the technology, type of jobs, and internet. No matter what advancements we as humans manage to come up with there is no way to make it perfectly positive; trolls and assholes will always exist. Whether it's out of an ingrained selfish nature, the impatient 7-year-old within, or the corruption of power, there really is no limit to human depravity. The same technology that can create more powerful powerplants can also make destructive bombs, just as the pseudo-telepathy that phones, the internet, and social media allow also harbors trolls, cyberbullying, and hacking. It lies on the users to generate positivity, fairness, and to stand up strong against the concurrencies of ignorance that has been enacted for far too long.

About Dads of Technology - Astra Taylor & Joanne McNiel:
    "Dads," the tech savvy previous generation of men who have dominated the industry, have created a sustainable system built upon ignorance, sexism, and masculinity. The problem, of course is that new entries in the heirarchy don't see any reason to break off from the echoes of a madmen-esque society that perpetually degredates women because it is the closest they can get to the harem-like fantasy of a leader they all dreamed of at 12 years old. Putting someone else's work down because they didn't go out with you is immature, unprofessional, and selfish; such actions lower the ethical stance of the employees, company, and products that are actually the whole reason people started innovating in the first place. The invention we now commonly refer to as "computers" were built and designed by women too. If we forget the ethicality of humanity, we deny ourselves 50% of productivity.

    Seriously? Why do we have to have bills and regulations like Title IX actually drafted up and put into action in order to keep people in line? People should be able to realize the problems that they themselves are creating, propogating, or being complacent to. Stop being pubescent 12 year olds.
