Doing what historians do - lifting that up and plugging it back in.
As such we can understand things that have been with us for quite some time
when we think that we have invented something new
    Pirate Party - issue from the past that has resurfaced in todays world

authorship and auctorship?
where do the books lead us towards in regards to intellectual property?
    ideas can be things when they are instantiated in particular ways
    in 2004 the instantiation of thigns have been changing

author figure - idea of identity, intelligence, activity, property
    and through it can provide money, fame, and security
    with the ability to persue that profession can come danger
    author, poet, creator, seer, genius?!
    a romantic notion of someone who can transcribe the possibilities

remove the author for proper literary study - only seeing the viewpoint of the one who shares, rather than the concept as a whole.

Companies hire authors but are always jostling with the people that they come to represent - and as a result are taking money from the mouths of the authors

1909 U.S. Copyright law - when people owned their own things rather than the companies that gave them the opportunity to do them. 

Nothing comes from nothing; what would the society look like if it came from no one in particular could create if everything was already known - some people and their lineages could be secure forever if copyright never ended

Rip - a documentary on remix culture
Everything is a remix - another documentary on recreating what already exists

If only for intellectual pursuits, one should know about the rediscoveries
given how much we are crafting a new future, there is much to consider

Gabriella Coleman - Hacker, Hoaxer, Whistleblower, Spy: The Many Faces of Anonymous
    The logic behind D-Dos and questioningly comparing it to the redaction of information and the regulation of free speech among the world(s)

Draft of "The Net Has Never Been Neutral"

What is Al-Queda?
    How emotional should I get about these answers?
    Should I be using complicated feelings I don't really understand to motivate me to progress onward towards a place I'm afraid of reaching?
    Battle not with monsters, lest ye become a monster, and if you gaze into the abyss, the abyss gazes also into you - Friedrich Nietzsche

NEC - a company of japan? a company that owns tons of others to prallely own everything - not a copy of the product but of the company itself
    The Net's echo-chamber amplified the incident into a symbol of every cultural fear, epistemic doubt, and libertarian dream suggested by the digital age. Here, it seemed, was a glimpse of where everyday menaces like phishing and identity theft were inexorably leading.
        As new (or possibly reinvented) concepts are brought about into life and the societies we all use and are a part of, new fears and horrors can be just as easily if not more easily created than new wonders and fascinations based upon the invented concepts.
        What does x do? It makes y easier; regardless of z being now possible, everyone can be easily worried about their A-W now being in jeopardy
    The money-holders can always make the rules and innovations come alive the way they ultimately want to  in this world.

Radiohead? 9-inch-nails? year Zero, apparently
    set your own price for things
    pay want you want for the product
    affording to pay with your money, or struggling to pay with your time
    
DNA - assumes a digital and analog structure allowing it to exist and propagate itself the way it does to become what it is that we all are.

Maybe being friends with larry lessig has allowed him to not recieve TMC take-down notices from the owners of copyright material that he posts on wiki

...that sometimes flit BETWIXT and Between...
    -Professor

Manga being scanned and put online incredibly quickly to be read internationally - competition to be the best illegal reproducer

Sony ended up sueing itself after pirate bay investigations and leaks
