Professor: Amit Ray

fascinting talk during your class a few weeks from tuesday
    Dr. Genevieve Bell, Vice President and Director of User Experience Research for Intel Labs, will deliver this year's Eugene H. Farm Lecture
    Critical Thinking Lecture
    Office of the Provost
    23-9-14 4-530pm, Webb Auditorium

Militarization creates inaccessibility?
"The Virus of Language" - systematic killing of human beings story? Quote?

What does it mean to think about things we can't think about?
    things that are classified
    things that are against society norms
    things that we can't normally see or hear about
    Other half of the binary?

Nation-state as a body - What does the "Constitution" represent and how do wel code in respect to the system as whole?

NDA agreements-agreeing to keep secret the very information that can help us all succeed
"Private Property" - intellectual versus physical
"Entire nation-states run on windows 95 - imagine what microsoft has given to them, and yet what they don't have. These are the barbarians of our present day" - Professor

Last week's class:
    going over different ways software was created and different paradigms it is capable of
        a musical score that can be measured, reviewed, enjoyed and balanced
        A tangible artifact that builds up history throughout the years
        direct relative history of software and adding layers and layers upon itself
        A craft - people develop relative skill in the software, creating it developing user experience
        most people only think of software as a tool, not as a means of expression
        it is made, molded, and created in its own way, as if it were art
        "shrinkwrapping" when software gets bundled and sold as a product
        software becomes itself when it is portable and managed as a product
        adding

What's your instinct to do in relation to where the software and technology is leading towards?
    writing?
    data input?
    choice of communication?
    remember as the opposite of dismember

true definition of free and open source software in relation to its opposite?
feral data? wild, like a dog?
The guy who owns oracle has his own island.

phones make ringing sounds or picture sounds to keep the familiarity of older technologies
fake sewing in the textiles and molds of the vinyl seats.
The lectern is embedded in the history of reading to monasteries
    people stood and spoke when they read
    despite the printing press, universities kept the lecterns that churches had
    one might not always stand and speak when they read anymore, but they can
Reading and property got us to this university, to this class that we are in today
medival gentry cpability, and nobility developed the "divine right of kings" whoever deserved to learn how to be able to read.

We have the writings of socrates and plato because people were able to record, represence and descibe him today. "The Book" was and will still be the ability to continue knowledge
    how does software play into that role?
    how do we keep remembering what we discover

what does it mean for a democracy to have much of it's private activity mocritized

he'll send stuff out
    recursive public?
    emails?





