JSTOR - How do you know about it?
    High school - it was the prefered reading source for research projects
    Why is it wierd to know about it?
        History of JSTOR
        Not sure if the knowledge there is private or public
        documents got freed up and loosed from corporation's grasp
        MOVIE - The internet's envoy

Removing Knowledge
    Redaction - Common with the Freedom of Information act
        what the government is keeping secret in our name to protect us from harm
        How do they know what's good for us to know?
    Library of Congress is the biggest library in the world?!
    Security through obsolesence - Old-ass files on giant floppy disks
    More secrecy or less in wartime?
        what is wartime?
        who are we fighting?
        relative battles between where are now and what we were before
        the people and the things they do are worth wrapping up
        no one really knows what is 
        I think he's saying that there is no such thing
        war, like most other things is not a binary state, but a spectrum
            at whichever state it is evident, there is more or less done
            conscription
            legality
            defense budget
            Obviousness - how much more can you do when you don't secretize?
    He already knew the point of what is public vs. private classified
    Must I go deeper? To what end? How far down does the rabbit hole go?
    Victor Sage - he is your favorite superhero after all
    guerrilla art - banksy - supposedly a bristol public school kid
    Perhaps look into what people actually say - looking into translations
    spectral phantasm that exists/is created from current events into history
    How many of you saw Ender's game?
        I did, but it sucked
        Is the fact that it didn't even show what the book really meant a sign that they didn't want the people to have th ideals that it represented?
        Is he trying to say that they turned us off from the story because of the fear of an informed public who questions their enemy who could ruin everything that THEY have worked so hard for?

Doris, Buddy, Chief Wayne, Brad - Carrigans
    Wat?
    either this is filled with metaphores or it is useless?
    what is he trying to say?
    why is he saying it the way he is?
    Is he saying this to make us feel like the children that we shouldn't be?
    Is the fact that I don't get this or see any purpose in it mean I am above it or below it?
    Bipolar in the ways we've become bipolar
        locked between humor and horror
        the lost control over what's happening
        the silly story that unfolds ever more open into fucked-upness
        presented in a heterodox way to be understood by idealistic collegers
    Casey Stengel, Thomas Paine, Lingua franca - common language 


Professor I have a question about how much we should know about what has happened
    how much should I know?
    where should I look?
    is there too much to read?
    write a program to read it?

Number of times he is disappointed in us for not being who we could:
    Voting in the primaries (last week)
    Angry at us for not knowing anything about september 11th
        What does he know?
        Should I say something to him?
        Is my experience enough that I should call him out?
        To what end does he want us to investigate and know?
    Banks, debt, education, becoming a sheep
        hiding behind bipolar works in whatever it is we know
        trying to say the jobs spreading the word are better than money

Cool Words:
    Pronopoly
    Protofascism
    Agnotology
