Who edits wikipedia & why?
    mostly white men?
    it's changing with the times
    people in the margins tend to find a comfortable space due to wikipedia
    the information allows them to join conversations and conferences

"Products? Projects! well I guess it is in it's own way, like everything else, a product."
    -Professor

Genevieve Vell - @Feral Data on Twitter - book from 2011

But the software, it isn't a thing that really exists anymore; it isn't malleable, and can't be monetized in the general sense; so long as we inform ourselves properly and the about the implications contained therein

11:10 - Announcement
    Apologizing for yelling to us about not voting - it functioned more to say that it existed and that there are things to look out for.
    We should still ask meta-questions about our system, our government, and our actions in order to fully be free? and open source?
    --No apology for the other things he said: Spare the rod, spoil adults?

You must be culturally aware to end the war on terror - who knows how long an uninformed public can be ignorant of what is actually happening?

He remembers the Iranian revolution from when he was 9 because of the racist associations of others in austin texas. He looked it up then because it was of interest to him. No excuse for being 9? Ender? A child grown in it?

Analytics are what make facebook go, so why would they give you control over your own analytics?

Joining conferences across the globe every weekend - too much information for just one to understand

FAS Secrecy News
    Trade secrets have been a more robust means of thinking about secrecy.
        at base levels of secrecy
        trade secrets being mostly subjective
    "The identity of the concerned federal agency, the particular information at issue, and the bases for the assertion of the state secrets privilege cannot be disclosed without revealing classified and privileged matters."
    Every corporation is suject to pressure of known-unkowns.
    We demand our freedoms because we register them as freedoms.

"I'm gonna give you some books to give you a locus"
    -Professor

A bunch of books:
    WIKI?
    The future of the internet
    Mechanisms

Closed-source: equivalent to information economies - wealths of knowledge
Growing that community within it's own closed garden - houses in GoT?

chronozoom - a website like prezi about the cosmos, history, and stuff?

Pictures of books elevating up to what can be known
    no books - squat and fat seing the sunny beautiful day
    some books - somewhat slimmed seeing over the sunny beautiful day and into the ruins of the post-apocolyptic world
    lots of books - healthily sized and seeing walls of matrix-like code
        able to change/manipulate the code?
        seeing the world as just a simulation of what could actually be?
        being the one?
    REMIX lots of books - the back of hitler as he looks over at his armies
        able to change/manipulate the world?
        seeing the people as just simulations of what they could achieve?
        being the tyrant?

Quote for that picture: "Kill one man, and you are a murderer; kill a million, and you are a conqueor; kill them all, and you are a god"
    -Jean Rostand - Thoughts of a Biologist
    "To be an adult is to be alone"
        "the price of being a sheep is boredom; the price of being a wolf is lonliness - choose one or the other with great care"
        "we don't learn how to grow up; we learn how to act in public"
    "My pessimism extends to the point of even suspecting the sincerity of the pessimists."
        Who is there to believe if you've gone beyond what the others think of themselves?
        If you reach a level beyond what there was ever done, what can you do?
        building cities out of dreams; imagining cities that might never be

Be preapred to Powow hardcore on Thursday for the wiki. we can see how people aggregate and contribute to the wiki; factory that builds more of itself



Getting to that level?  - you might be getting there, seeing the light for what it actually is. I think you're getting there Fernando. Read more!
