James Joyce conference
    8-10 hours of intense talking
    crazy parties
    readings of finnigan's wake
    rinse and repeat
crazy amounts of re-readability in his works
layers upon layers of exponential functions of ever-unfolding infinite derivatives of lotus petals of layers

Ian Bogos - wrote essays and stuff
    we have to read one of his essays
    "very interesting guy" - he has a reputation :-), as very interesting people tend to do

conversant in both latin and greek?
    "classics" class
    Germanic languages?
    Slavic Languages?
    history of the peoples of the wrld as told by layers of languages

Tactical Amnesia - how do we hyper-read? real time mining of massive corpora to hear a technical version of yourself annotated and explained back to you

WHAT DOTH FREEDOM?!

Conference in Europe? Scandinavia?
    rit faculty going together
    that would probably be a lot of fun
    big data, networks and stuff

Entire chinese city of hackers constantly trying to break into places

"... and thereby entering into the fray of public lore"
    -Professor

anonymity on the financial side - Dark money? Black markets?
    it's always been there
    the men behind the curtain
    we can only see the outside
    what countless amounts of money are spread around?

Short Story by Richard Powers - Effectively contracting with the raa npaa to shut down illegal dispersal sites of copyrighted materials

In 1989 the president of RIT went to langley on his sebatical
    over the next couple years it became clear that CIA was involved with prez
    CIA was doing background clearances on projects done by students without their consent
    this led to a scandal of academic proportions
    classified research can go on as class projects?!
    Naively being a child cyber-soldier?

"Just because you're paranoid doesn't mean they're not watching you"
    Kurt Cobain? 1991

"Just because my eyes are closed doesn't mean I'm not awake"
    Dr. Moses

*grumble grumble* Those damn chinese military hackers *grumble grumble*
    -Professor

Geichi Matsuda - hyper reality

what are we built to withstand?
    only building what's necessary to live by
    when a freak disaster happens, how fucked are we?
    a mere flood can ruin the roads of arizona
    there was one building in hamburg that's earthquake safe

Radiohead - fitter happier 2009

Recursive syllabus
    two or three nodes that have idealisms on recursivity
    let's make some structure for ourselves

He was sitting in my usual spot when I walked in today. Does that mean anything?
