Doc and Mharti - Origin of Rick and Morty

Original Question:
 Just because the internet has had a decline and there are movements now to save it doesn’t mean that it can rise like a phoenix from the ashes in a meaningful rebirth. What do we learn if we, as humans, keep falling upon the same problems we have for the last few thousands of years? Yes, there could be a conflagration of the good, bad, and ugly parts of the internet, but what’s stopping those ashes from just falling back atop a primordial cess-pool of all the ignorance humanity has accumulated with all our incessant bickering, arguing, and murder?

Newly Refurbished Question:
 Can a better internet really be created from the ashes of the old? What has humanity learned from its problems in the last ten thousand years? If we do what we’ve always done, we’ll get what we’ve always gotten. Technology keeps advancing, creating new wonders, ease of living, and means of surveillance; to what end are we headed if what we create keeps becoming tyrannical and closed?
    we did used to have something different - everyone had their own channels before the corporate regimes that became dominant. We wish we could spread out and reclaim that, but the easiest way of to go about doing that is through the "gobblies." Up to you, the folks in this room to really find something new that'll last and be worthwhile. Now we just have this somewhat functioning band-aided society that we use while we wait for the world to end, an actual apocolypse to rebuild everything from. sine-curves upon sine curves until the biggest one is just so bad that we have no preparation for it and get completely turned upon our own asses.

Akami? corporation more in the shadows of how the internet works together

Participating in a small set of corporate lobbying efforts; there are certain things that it allows and procludes, but it dowsn't grant the full story. Anytime there are big internet companies, we should be just as skeptical as for when there are cable companies or any other big backbone providers of a large-scale service.
    Palace of Versailles has more than one room - freedom to assemble vs. having places to assemble at all. What provides the service?

What would a new internet look like?
    Institute for the future - inventing a new internet?
    Is the internet actually delivering benefit? How could it be improved in the future? We all have control over how we interpret the media. The choices that we make individually matter perhaps more than on a collective basis becuase of that ground that we are attempting to make up. we can't avoid the internet, but look for other channels?

That was awesome in it's own wierd fucked-up way. All this freedom that we want, what is it? Should we dissasociate ourselves from it to reunderstand it and allow it to become something new?
    No, the future is now. When you start using it and get dissatisfied from it, then is this the internet we want, what are we saving here?

Sharing-Economy
    The people pushing this have no strings attached upon themselves to lose from the new ideas. The depression was caused by people wealthy enough to understand it and avoid it from ruining them.
    Computers flying into Lagos, or Senegal, or random place with destruction
    The news doesn't show you villages runnning on windows 95 - people 20 years behind the times. How bad is it?
    The people's mike - people amplifying the same sound to be louder.

At what point does the technology we create and the systems nature uses blur with one another?
    The morphology of the mouth that evolved in the way it did, allowing us to communicate in ways that no animal ever could before.

Different species of people by profession? Is it less offensive to judge ourselves and others by what we do and the talents we build upon and use?

And then it becomes a different kind of game - when the security becomes aware of it and snuffs it, and so the people find somewhere else to be and communicate through. It's a dance - push/pull, weave/thread, tingo/tango

"The rise and fall of empires - just like right now"
    -Professor

The corporations/government would treat the water, electricity, phone lines, and now the internet all in the same way. Passing the internet as utility, rather than as a right.

Institut Bibioteque - the language itself is policed by its people; banning some words from the language.

The great firewall of china has everything to do with us. Just another way to keep out outsiders. Another relic presented in a modern age.

Technology moving faster than social rhetoric - separation of church and state; separation of internet and state.
    Is there any one solution? is there any break from the work and the ever-vigilant need for defenses? do we ever deserve to sleep? once we find something that works, do we stay there and hold fast to what we have. the niche is what we try to build, the people are who we love. 

Taking $300,000,000 over the autonomy and control. But what can you achieve without the money? We would need it to be reversed and villify the small over the large.

Instead of entreprenuers we need intrepreneurs: people who relate to the structure; the skeleton. helping what the people actually have, use, and need to be about in order to survive and exist in the best way we could.

Maybe we shouldn't look out, lets look in.

No Starch Press- robot pouring coffee into his head

Circle-time:
   Talking about ebb and flow of nature and destruction
   Pulling back from the internet into what it started as - small nation states
   CJ DNS servers - little bubble to be living internetically

