Merry Christmas!

Ian admits when he doesn't know something - "The wisest man knows that he knows nothing." - Socrates

Print as Property - 18th Century
The Birth of the Author and Intellectual Property

What is it that we want? What is it that we are missing? - The rapid change of our circumstances leads us to comprehend the state of our dominance.

Make next week's classes into lab sessions?
He's going to the scandy-knaves!

We've paid for this sacred space?! What authority of learning do we earn?
What do we stand to lose and what do we stand to gain? The internet?

Wiki: fosc.fossr.it

Dellard?
Queen Anne's copyright act? 1709 - http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Statute_of_Anne

Start with Ian, end with anonymous. (dislocation of identity, not hackers)
    anonymity that doesn't show itself - not quite superheroes
    Stephenson
    Aaron Schwartz Documentary
    Lessig - 20th Century
    Stallman - FREE CULTURE
    Hochai Benkler?
    Writers often hired as mercenaries to be warriors of information
    Defoe & Swift - Robinson Crusoe? First novel; presented as a biography
    Demosthones and Locke

Print 
    Linux
    Wikipedia
    UFOLD IT
    The Software itself can be something we read and understand
Media

Shortage of Rags lead to a deficit to be filled by paper
    the steam-driven pulper
    the steam-powered press
    from fabric to wood
    much cheaper means of producing it
    It's Automatic! Systematic! Hyyyyydromatic!

The Elephant's Dream (short animated film) - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Elephants_Dream

Cyborg Theory
    Deus Ex and Deus Ex revolution - combinations of man and machine
    Orders vs. Hacking
    People vs. the mindless drones that really get things done
    Transhumanism
        Nexus
        Crux
    Singularity
    Automatons
    Gibson
    Rudy Rucker
    Kurzweil
    

Piracy
    Stealing
    Sharing
    Freedom doesn't mean climbing to the top so as to take other's freedoms away - not in an egalitarian sense at least.
    DMCA - 2009 Digital Millenium Copyright Act

Thomas Coon - the structure of scientific revolutions (coined the term Paradigm Shift)
    Kept people in a certain kind of model to prevent overall levelling up
    Just like inventing Zero to make math easier; mathematicians lose jobs

How do we set the stage for thinking ahead - what are my literacies and how do I enable myself to be part of discussions should I choose to do so?

Dismember vs. Remember
Discombobulate vs. Recombobulated

Ian - High order level of technical proficiency
What the future of the internet might look like regardless of binary splites such as Republican & Democrat - ideas we use to simulate false truth odf and underlying spectrum no one quite seems to understand.

As new things get invented - everything else in the infinite series gets derived - impossible becomes complicated, complicated becomes tedious, tedious becomes standard, standard becomes common knowledge, common knowledge becomes automatic.
Dimensional awareness: elapsing outward and across the knowledges entirety

Ennui - Overwhelming Lethargy; the world is too much with us to understand
Future Ennui - article on www.theatlantic.com/technology/archive/2014/09/future-ennui/380099/

"The best thing you can have is a desire before it even occurs." 
    -Professor
