Background is of the pacific with crazy colors for water
Maybe the fukushima collapse/meltdown fallout/radiation?

Position ourselves to the arenas of publicity
    recursive public?
    recursive dialogue and teaching structure
    discourse of democracy that underlies the entire notion of public

Piece: "What is Public"?
    What is open/property?
    Garbologists?
    Drones outside your window?
    legal/illegal vs. respectful/disrespectful?
        unethical and immoral doesn't always intersect with the law
        there are silly laws that people have argued over and follow
        there are terrible things to do that are ok in certain situations
    public need for electric grid - decrease in farm milk quality
    checks and balances - rights to shoot down peoples' drones
        one versus the other - escalation
        drone shooting clubs - uses drones in place of clay pigeons
    public schools, servants - public defenders
    China, India, Christianity, Islam, Facebook - over a billion people
        blurring the lines between religions, nation-states, and afterlife
            you can give your facebook info to companies that maintain your profile and the posts there so as to have a "digital burial"
            all something needs is enough people and everyone will follow
        countries can have rules for the dead, just like religions
        what does it mean to have these rules for people (i.e. w/ funerals)
    not a binary status with private all the time, but not not one
    can be flickered with privacy - absence, invisibility, amnesia
    what is fair game for discussion or (at worst) raw materials to feed the insatiable need for new content? when we are raw materials? cannibalism?
    what happens when publicly available material can be monetized?
    "About an individual and what it means to be, if we even are, still human" - Professor Amit Bay
    We may have distanced our self from class, or the idea of it through identity, race, orientation, etc. but they are there more than ever, due to the fallacy of them still existing.
    The difference between public and private can be a line of code
    what comes of pattern mining, and password guessing?
    what happens when they hack you because you've made yourself available?
    Is giving yourself for free a counter to those that take? how equivalent is it to give something that has been taken by someone else?
    the same public sharing that constitutes investigative journalism against a politician can be destructive and demeaning against ordinary citizens.
    what did it mean when you could vote? it meant you didn't, haha
    complacence is no excuse for not being okay with the results of votes
    companies have to share their information to wall st. and investors
    to whom do people have to share their information? friends as investors
    Habermoss - public philosopher? hard to read - overwhelming Jargon
    monetizing peoples information - you are the product. Cannabalism?

Free streaming - buying things that have value, yet we only quite know the value after what it was that we have watched/listened to? Taxi service?

zephyr teachout voting, voting for lieutenant governor?
    Orwellian way of ending capitalism being government
    He himself doesn't have the funds to beat the foe, but he shouldn't need them based on the ideals that he wishes to bring about and follow
    The real anonymous are the people that the ridiculous amounts of money that change the government and functioning of it's people. i.e. prohibition

Peter Ghallagson? physicist writer philospher important writer guy

Christopher Kelty piece - Geeks, social imaginaries, and recursive publics
    the people who participate are dynamic, as is the system, it's condition, and it's modularities
