Mark Tansey - Paintings
    Sherlock and Moriarty & reflection of horses in toxic waste
    Color wheel in black and white

Peter Gallison -removing knowledge

we are visual readers - we interpret the world around us through words we see

recusive public
    Consumers become connisseurs for the products
    Connisseurs go on to create their own products
    Creators go on to create more consumables
    Reputation system, blending makers and fans
    Steam is an example of this
        Greenlight system
            Unfinished games that can be upvoted/downvoted
            every site has division between haves and have-nots
    "pay to play" - vs. the haphazards of "free"
    Youtube Videos - another version of the ebb and flow of creation and consumption
    "Its never a level playing field." We use that as something to fall back on, but it is indeed an aspect of reality highly fantasized that we can never really measure; sondern idealize

"Is there a creativity deficit in science?"
    Arstechnica.com
    Yo - the app that takes 2 button presses to text "yo" to somebody
    "The emphasis is on doing things which are not risky. To have a grant proposal funded, you hace to propose something and then present what is called preliminary data, which is basically evidence that you're already done what you're proposing to do. If there's any risk involved, then your proposal won't be funded. So the entire system tends to encourage not particularly... Follow Amit Roy on facebook?"

Geels, Social imaginaries, and Recursive Publics
    your technical savvy will not save you from the common occurances that can always debauch you
    "A group constituted by a shared, profound concern for the technical and legal conditions of possibility for their own association. I call this mode of association a 'recursive public'"
    Cyber(k)netics? second order complexity - where does the system end and where does it begin anew? recreating itself to forever improve
    "Replacing the word "hacker" with "geek"" -Remy D.
    A Love of Metal music - picking and choosing something that people can relate to
        music lovers & Pirates
        metallica took down napster?
    Furthermore, not only do they argue about these structures and rules, but they consider sacred the right to change these rules by rewriting and reimplementing the core protocols (the “rules”) and core software that give the Internet its structure; they also consider it essential that individuals and groups in society have the right to reimplement privately ordered legal regimes to achieve these ends.
        Oldest game 
        creating the rules of a new world
        trying to be at equal standing when the floor itself is malleable according to the systems of rules and code written by the people
    Arguments about technology
        people trying to use the technology
        people arguing about how it should be used
        people trying to create new technology
        people arguing about how it should be created
    Sticks
        sticks as gaining strength and power
        sticks as lines of code
        sticks as malleable objects
        what worth is a stick?
            what is it made of?
            what am I in comparison to it?
            what can it beat?
            what can beat it?
            what is its place among all the others in this universe?


Isis
    another enemy to be fought in region of the middle east
    guerilla warfare being re-used
    everything old becomes new again

Wiki later this week?!
    We are gonna make it ourselves?
    maybe you should do something to edit that?
    Wikipedia?
    The platform that enabled it
    Media wiki
    A whole slew of other wikis based upon the same software
    everything is editable, everything is discussable
    a place for voices to interact on the topic of discussion
    You are no longer just a reader, sondern implicated as both an editor and an author. Breaking away from 500 years of culture that preceded it.


Vote in Primaries!
    Do you actually know how to?
    Primaries are in September?
    HOW DOES MY GOVERNMENT WORK?!?!?!?!
    The world is happenning around you. Are you going to just let it go by?
    Did you really finish going through a bildungsroman?
    Do we ever?
    Or is now the true growth? The final opportunity to grow and become something that you never quite realised what it is that you can achieve? 

Woody Allen's - Love and Death - "sometime I hope to build on this land"


Apple store employees routinely circle around things that they can't talk about due to their employers or contracts that they might have.


